♪ We are the Crystal Gems ♪
♪ we'll always save the day ♪
♪ and if you think we can't ♪
♪ we'll always find a way ♪
- # that's why the people #
- # of this world #
- # believe in... #
- # Garnet #
- # Amethyst #
- # and Pearl #
♪ And Steven! ♪
S01xE47 - "Political Power"
sync & correction by f1nc0
~ addic7ed.com ~
Hmm.
This spot should be safe.
Amethyst, do you have the robonoid?!
Yeah.
Don't worry about it.
Amethyst!
I just repaired that!
Yeah, yeah.
It's fine.
Ugh! Okay.
We have everything we
need for the experiment.
And Steven is home, fast
asle-e-e-e-ep!
- Hey, guys!
- Steven!
It's way past your bedtime!
You should really go
- back to the house.
- What?
I don't want to miss...
whatever this is.
- What is this?
- Pearl got lonely,
so she made herself a robot friend.
It's not a robot friend ...
it's a robot disruptor!
It should produce a localized
energy blast.
So when Peridot shows up to...
neet with us, we'll have
something that can knock out
all her robonoids.
Now, stand back, everyone!
We did it!
Well, you knocked out
- all the lights in town.
- Steven, that was not
the point of the ...
All right. That was a start!
Now I'm going to need
to take some parts out of
the washing machine. Steven,
you might have to wear
- the same shirt for a while.
- No problem.
Hmm.
Hmph.
What's wrong with
the microwav... Ow!
What is the meaning of this?!
Huh?
- Mayor Dewey?
- Hello, there, young Universe.
- Any of your... sisters home?
- My sisters?
Your caretakers, you know ...
the tall one, the purple one,
the hot one?
Look, the power's out, and I've been
mayor long enough to know
they had something to do with it.
My sisters?
Is there anyone else I can
talk to about this?
- Pearl!
- Coming!
- Oh! Uh, can I help you?
- Yes.
Oh, hi!
Uh, Beach City is currently
experiencing a widespread power outage.
Oh, don't worry about that.
The power should be back
on as early as tonight or
- as late as... never.
- Never coming back?!
- Yes?
- No, no, no!
It has to come back!
The people of Beach City can't
handle a situation like this!
They need their electronic
distractions so they won't
notice that this town
- is a magnet for disaster!
- Oh, don't be dramatic.
I saw humans get on fine
without power for millennia.
You used to hunt and gather.
What happened to that?
You don't understand.
Sure, things seem calm now, in
the light of the day, but when
the sun goes down, so does...
- the town.
- He's right.
Mayor Dewey, this is our responsibility.
We'll help you clean up this mess!
No, we won't!
- I'll help you clean up this mess!
- Okay.
But you're not getting paid.
♪ Mayor Dewey ♪
- # Mayor ... #
- All right.
We got to go do damage
control now, or the boardies
- are gonna get restless.
- Boardies?
Hello, youth resident of Beach City.
- Is everything all right?
- You mean besides the power
knocking out the freezers
and melting
- all this ice cream!
- What?! Ice cream?!
It's a real pain in the ...
Ugh!
I'd offer you some,
but it's pretty soupy.
Is this happening to
ice cream all over town?!
- This really is a crisis!
- Now let's all calm down here.
- I have everything under control.
- You do?
Of course!
The power will be back,
and the freezers will
be working by sundown.
No need to cry over, uh, frozen milk.
Here.
I'll catch you kids on the side
that flips!
You take care now.
- See you later!
- Thanks for the glowstick!
So, everything is
going to be okay?!
- What? No!
- Y-You lied to them?
Look, Steven, it's not lying
when you're the mayor.
- It's politics.
- It is?
Of course it is.
Let me tell you something.
When you work for the
government, you can't control
what happens in the
world, but you can control
how people feel about it.
That's the real weight I carry ...
making the good people
of Beach City feel better,
- safer, more secure.
- But ...
What's my other option ...
let the people panic and riot?
That didn't work out so well
for Ocean Town!
I've never heard of Ocean Town.
Exactly!
That's why you've got to give
the people something to believe in.
When they see my giant head
on this car, rolling down
the boardwalk, they think,
"here comes help."
Well, some people think, "here
comes that exterminator guy,"
but then they realize it's me,
their mayor!
Have you seen that exterminator
truck with the head on it?
- He's totally copying me.
- Uh...
- Here. Take these.
- # Mayor Dewey #
What's going on?
Attention, my good citizens!
As you may or may not be aware of,
there is a power outage
affecting all of Beach City
- area proper.
- Oh. Really?
This problem is just a
temporary one, not a big
worry at all!
Things could be worse!
We could be in... Ocean Town!
- Too soon!
- Anyway, the power will be
back on by sundown, so, in the
meantime, just enjoy this
beautiful, peaceful day outside.
The power will be back on
before you know it. I promise!
- Ohh!
- I trust this man!
Okay.
Make sure everyone gets
a button and a glowstick.
Have a glowstick.
Here you go.
- Uh, here.
- Hey, Schtu-ball.
You get some sort of secret
government internship
- I need to know about?
- Here.
Apparently, you can never
have too many
Mayor Dewey buttons.
Sounds like I'm not gonna be
needing this glowstick, though.
See you later, buddy!
But, Dad!
Nooooo.
So what if she
shows up with more?
- I say we just mash 'em all!
- It's not just
the robonoids.
According to Lapis, she's going
- to have backup.
- Who knows what she's
going to have?
We won't stand a chance against
their weapons, but if we can
just knock them out ...
It's not about the
robonoids, Pearl.
- She's coming with other gems!
- Says who?!
Who cares?!
What does Lapis even know?!
- Calm down, Amethyst.
- You calm down-uh... Hey!
Look who it is!
It's Steven!
Our ... Our best friend Steven!
What are you doing here, buddy?
I... live here.
Is everything okay?
- Of... course!
- In fact, we were just
- about to play... cards.
- Yes, cards!
Want to play war?
- I mean... peace?
- Yeah, but how are we
- gonna play cards in the dark?
- We can light a fire
- in the fireplace.
- Yes! Like early man!
Come on, early man!
When the sun goes down, so does...
The town.
- Oh, my gosh!
- How come there's still no power?!
You said it would be on by sundown!
Everyone just calm down.
I'm sure if we just talk
rationally, we can come to an agreement.
No agreement!
You promised us!
Without power, I can't take
care of my family!
Well, this one's fine.
But he can't take care of himself!
I'm sure the power will be on
- tomorrow, I think... maybe.
- Stop pulling our legs!
You lied to us, and you're lying again!
Please!
Good citizens of Beach City ...
Ow!
- Liar!
- You're a liar!
- If you'd all just calm down ...
- Tip the truck!
Whoo-hoo!
Everyone, please!
The power might not be back on tonight.
It might not be back on
- for even a year!
- A year?
- What?
- But I know that wou're
all going to be okay
because I know each and every
one of you. You're smart
and you're tough and you're
resourceful, and you
all care about each other more
than you care about microwave
dinners or video games or being
able to see in the dark.
I know it'll hurt your
businesses.
I know it'll hurt your lives.
But are we really going
to hurt each other?
Of course not!
We'll face the night together,
and we'll survive, because we
- are the light of Beach City!
- Yeah!
- Whoo-hoo!
- Uh, yes.
Thank you, Steven!
I couldn't have said it better!
Don't try to worm your way
out of this!
- Oh, no, no!
- It's okay! It's okay!
Mayor Dewey was hiding things
from you, but he did it because
he didn't want you to worry.
He was just sheltering you from
the truth because he ...
he loves you.
Mayor Dewey!
Oh, hey, Steven.
If I can just concentrate
- the wave a little more...
- Um... do you guys want to talk?
And why would we need
- to do that?
- Hey, Steven, you still
- owe us a game of cards!
- Yeah, get in on this.
N-No!
I don't want to play cards!
- I want to talk about Peridot!
- Oh, yes!
- Well, everything is fine!
- No, it's not!
I know it's not.
I know you ... you just don't
want me to be scared, but
just tell me the truth.
Peridot is coming,
and we don't know who or what
she'll be coming with.
She's a modern gem with modern
gem technology that's
bound to overpower us.
Steven, the truth is...
we're scared.
We've been scared before, right?
None of us know what's going
to happen, but that's okay.
We can figure things out...
together.
sync & correction by f1nc0
~ addic7ed.com ~